Add schema manager (#55)
yiisoft/rbac-cycle-db: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii RBAC Cycle Database Storage Change Log

## 3.0.0 under development

> - New #23: Remove CLI dependencies, add `DbSchemaManager`, dump SQL for working with schema (@arogachev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #23: Add `DbSchemaManager` and SQL dumps for working with schema (@arogachev)
- Chg #23: Remove CLI dependencies (@arogachev)
```
